Update faq.md (#39)
gridai/grid-docs: products/run-run-and-sweep-github-files/faq.md

Grid supports Linux based operating systems. We recommend using virtual environment when using CLI. Please see the guidance [here](../global-cli-configs/virtual-environments.md)

## Experiments are queued for a long time

> If experiments are queued for a long time it could be a sign that instance type requested is not in the availability zone; reach out on slack or open a github issue if you see this: https://github.com/gridai/gridai/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If experiments are queued for a long time it could be a sign that instance type requested is not available; reach out on slack or open a github issue if you see this: https://github.com/gridai/gridai/issues
```

wording
